If Elaine would be seated next to Kosmo she would be 2 joy points less happy.
If Elaine would be seated next to Estelle she would be 62 joy points less happy.
If Elaine would be seated next to Newman she would be 65 joy points more happy.
If Elaine would be seated next to Jerry she would be 21 joy points more happy.
If Elaine would be seated next to Frank she would be 81 joy points less happy.
If Elaine would be seated next to George she would be 4 joy points less happy.
If Elaine would be seated next to Marisa she would be 80 joy points less happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to Elaine he would be 93 joy points more happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to Estelle he would be 19 joy points more happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to Newman he would be 5 joy points more happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to Jerry he would be 49 joy points more happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to Frank he would be 68 joy points more happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to George he would be 23 joy points more happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to Marisa he would be 29 joy points more happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to Elaine she would be 54 joy points less happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to Kosmo she would be 70 joy points less happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to Newman she would be 37 joy points less happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to Jerry she would be 46 joy points less happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to Frank she would be 33 joy points more happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to George she would be 35 joy points less happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to Marisa she would be 10 joy points more happy.
If Newman would be seated next to Elaine he would be 43 joy points more happy.
If Newman would be seated next to Kosmo he would be 96 joy points less happy.
If Newman would be seated next to Estelle he would be 53 joy points less happy.
If Newman would be seated next to Jerry he would be 30 joy points less happy.
If Newman would be seated next to Frank he would be 12 joy points less happy.
If Newman would be seated next to George he would be 75 joy points more happy.
If Newman would be seated next to Marisa he would be 20 joy points less happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to Elaine he would be 8 joy points more happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to Kosmo he would be 89 joy points less happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to Estelle he would be 69 joy points less happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to Newman he would be 34 joy points less happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to Frank he would be 95 joy points more happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to George he would be 34 joy points more happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to Marisa he would be 99 joy points less happy.
If Frank would be seated next to Elaine he would be 97 joy points less happy.
If Frank would be seated next to Kosmo he would be 6 joy points more happy.
If Frank would be seated next to Estelle he would be 9 joy points less happy.
If Frank would be seated next to Newman he would be 56 joy points more happy.
If Frank would be seated next to Jerry he would be 17 joy points less happy.
If Frank would be seated next to George he would be 18 joy points more happy.
If Frank would be seated next to Marisa he would be 56 joy points less happy.
If George would be seated next to Elaine he would be 45 joy points more happy.
If George would be seated next to Kosmo he would be 76 joy points more happy.
If George would be seated next to Estelle he would be 63 joy points more happy.
If George would be seated next to Newman he would be 54 joy points more happy.
If George would be seated next to Jerry he would be 54 joy points more happy.
If George would be seated next to Frank he would be 30 joy points more happy.
If George would be seated next to Marisa he would be 7 joy points more happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to Elaine she would be 31 joy points more happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to Kosmo she would be 32 joy points less happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to Estelle she would be 95 joy points more happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to Newman she would be 91 joy points more happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to Jerry she would be 66 joy points less happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to Frank she would be 75 joy points less happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to George she would be 99 joy points less happy.